you
so so three years I know right
well I'm totally ready you ready to be a
dad why isn't this working
Tommy something's wrong I read on the
internet that guys are totally faking it
nowadays it's like a trend or something
your mind is not fake it
nobody likes a gloater honey I'm afraid
your sperm count is too low this is a
normal sample and this is your song
they look drunk how can we tell that
it's not well off already examined
Audrey she has my opinion two of the
pinkest plumpest and most beautiful
ovaries I have ever seen are you hitting
on my wife I'm shooting good stuff and I
know this for a fact when I decided to
ask Audrey to marry me I couldn't afford
a decent ring so I donated sperm they
wouldn't very well pay me good money for
bad sperm you know why not just go down
there and see if they have any for us to
use that what do you know we have one
batch left yeah whoops I'm sorry looks
like we already sold it whatever it is
they're paying yeah I'll give you double
all right now this is an eBay sir we
don't get into bidding wars over sperm
when they said that you couldn't have
your sperm back they robbed you of your
future and you have every right to steal
it back are you talking about robbing a
sperm bank a double right you bet I am
no that's crazy crazy a brilliant crazy
but brilliantly crazy just crazy crazy I
know just the guy who can help us I'm a
bad man for the
in mafia so here's the plan this is the
sperm bank this is the barbershop right
next door sorry but wouldn't it make
more sense if we made the comb the
barbershop and the cream the sperm bank
I'm just saying she never cries I've
heard that about those babies I heard
they're also really musical well I
already got her a violin she doesn't
even have fingers yet what's her name we
wanted to name her something Chinese but
also you know American so we went with
Jackie Chan
okay anybody cool about your problem
what we'd like to do is offer you our
sperm what people helping people right
or not whatever stop smoking that stuff
it's making you paranoid you douche
dudes for my glaucoma do you really have
a coma the early stages